README.md, before:

# ionic-esri-map
An Ionic app demonstrating how to use the Esri ArcGIS API for JavaScript.

_This is a work in progress._

## Guidance
- Use [Esri/angular-esri-map](https://github.com/Esri/angular-esri-map) to enable Esri mapping within an Ionic (AngularJS) app.
  - **Esri** and **angular-esri-map** js + css resources have been added to [index.html](https://github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/blob/master/www/index.html).
  - An `<esri-map>` directive has been added to a [template](https://github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/blob/master/www/templates/tab-esri.html) and optionally given more functionality via a corresponding [controller](https://github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/blob/master/www/js/controllers.js#L5).
  - A Content Security Policy (CSP) has also been established in the [index.html](https://github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/blob/master/www/index.html). More info on CSP [here](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/jshelp/inside_phonegap.html#Privacy_Security_and_Whitelists_427).
- See [Esri/quickstart-map-phonegap](https://github.com/Esri/quickstart-map-phonegap) for additional info and ideas.

## Development
- Do everything described in **Step 1** here: [Getting Started with Ionic](http://ionicframework.com/getting-started/)
- Download and then navigate to the contents of this repository. You may also have to `npm install`.
- Continue with **Step 3** of the Ionic getting started guide.

## Proof
![example-screen](https://raw.github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/master/example-screen.PNG)

Commit message:

moved original tabbed app to new structure to house multiple apps

README.md, after:

# ionic-esri-map
An Ionic app demonstrating how to use the Esri ArcGIS API for JavaScript.

_This is a work in progress._

## Guidance
- Use [Esri/angular-esri-map](https://github.com/Esri/angular-esri-map) to enable Esri mapping within an Ionic (AngularJS) app.
  - **Esri** and **angular-esri-map** js + css resources have been added to [index.html](https://github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/blob/master/www/index.html).
  - An `<esri-map>` directive has been added to a [template](https://github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/blob/master/www/templates/tab-esri.html) and optionally given more functionality via a corresponding [controller](https://github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/blob/master/www/js/controllers.js#L5).
  - A Content Security Policy (CSP) has also been established in the [index.html](https://github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/blob/master/www/index.html). More info on CSP [here](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/jshelp/inside_phonegap.html#Privacy_Security_and_Whitelists_427).
- See [Esri/quickstart-map-phonegap](https://github.com/Esri/quickstart-map-phonegap) for additional info and ideas.

## Development
- Do everything described in **Step 1** here: [Getting Started with Ionic](http://ionicframework.com/getting-started/)
- Download and then navigate to the contents of this repository. You will also have to `npm install` for **each of the apps** in the `apps` directory.
- Continue with **Step 3** of the Ionic getting started guide for one of the apps in the `apps` directory.

## Proof
![example-screen](https://raw.github.com/jwasilgeo/ionic-esri-map/master/example-screen.PNG)
